a new place for a new Ross I'm gonna
have you and all the guys from work over
once it's you know furnished I must say
it's nice to see you back on your feet
well I am that and that whole rage thing
is definitely behind me I wonder if it's
time for you to rejoin our team at the
Museum Oh Donald that that would be
great
I am totally ready to come back to work
I what no what are you doing get off my
sister
Chandler Chandler I saw when you were
going through the window but something
you were doing to my sister nope get out
here
listen we had a good run you know what
was it for five months I mean that's
more than most people have in a lifetime
so goodbye take care bye bye there are
you doing oh I'm going on the lam watch
what I can handle Ross hold on hey Ross
what's up what
the hell are you doing hey what's going
on well I think I think Ross knows about
me and Monica right there
I thought you were my best friend this
is my sister my best friend and my
sister I cannot believe this look we're
not just messing around I love her okay
I'm in love with her so sorry that you
had to find out this way sorry but it's
true I love him too my best friend
[Applause]
oh thank you you guys want to probably
get some hugs into Hobbit mouths
yeah that's okay we've actually known
for a while what what what you guys knew
you you all knew and you didn't tell me
well Ross we were worried about you okay
we didn't know how you were gonna react
hmm
you were worried about you didn't know
how I was gonna be here
okay all right whoo
what do you say we all clear out of here
let these two lovebirds get back down to
business
hey hey hey I'm just talking he's the
one doing your sister
[Applause]